Adding multi-line logging item to data collection settings (#115359)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-monitor/containers/container-insights-agent-config.md

| `[log_collection_settings.enrich_container_logs] enabled =` | Boolean | True or false | This setting controls container log enrichment to populate the `Name` and `Image` property values<br> for every log record written to the **ContainerLog** table for all container logs in the cluster.<br> It defaults to `enabled = false` when not specified in the ConfigMap. |
| `[log_collection_settings.collect_all_kube_events] enabled =` | Boolean | True or false | This setting allows the collection of Kube events of all types.<br> By default, the Kube events with type **Normal** aren't collected. When this setting is set to `true`, the **Normal** events are no longer filtered, and all events are collected.<br> It defaults to `enabled = false` when not specified in the ConfigMap. |

> | `[log_collection_settings.enable_multiline_logs] enabled =` | String | True or False | This setting controls whether multiline container logs are enabled. They are disabled by default. [Click here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/containers/container-insights-logging-v2?tabs=configure-portal#multi-line-logging-in-container-insights-preview) to learn more about Multi-line logging. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `[log_collection_settings.enable_multiline_logs] enabled =` | String | True or False | This setting controls whether multiline container logs are enabled. They are disabled by default. See [Multi-line logging in Container Insights (preview)](/azure/azure-monitor/containers/container-insights-logging-v2?tabs=configure-portal#multi-line-logging-in-container-insights-preview) to learn more about Multi-line logging. |
```

Reviewer 2: @ibrar2411 should we remove (Preview)?

Author: > 

@pfrcks , we have removed the (Preview) .
@Court72 , updated the PR with your suggestions

> | `[log_collection_settings.enable_multiline_logs] enabled =` | String | True or False | This setting controls whether multiline container logs are enabled. They are disabled by default. See [Multi-line logging in Container Insights](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/containers/container-insights-logging-v2?tabs=configure-portal#multi-line-logging-in-container-insights-preview) to learn more. |

Reviewer 3: what's the behavior if Boolean value specified? This might create confusion since all other  enabled flags are in Boolean.

Reviewer 2: works with Boolean as well. @kpeechara pls change String to Boolean

Author: Updated.
